VI 16, al

TRANSLATION OF DOCUMENT No .NG-837
CONTINUED

(Page 28 of original, cont'd)

Defendant VODICKA admitted in his judiciel interrogation
on 1 July 1942, that by his illegel activities he had
participated in endeavours which aimed at severing the
Protectorate from the Reich end supporting the Soviet
Union in its fight egainst the Reich. His participation
in the K.P.C., however, wzs from purely nationel motives.

Vil.

The Criminal Offence of Defendant KOEHLER.

VII 2/3, 6/7, 11/12 Defendant KOEHLER, who did not belong to any

VII 3/5, 12/13

VII 5, 13/R

political party or orgenisation before the establishmont
of the Protectorate, and who hes been a member of the
Narodni souruconstvi" since 1940, joined the illegal

42C in summer 1941 at BARTA's instigation after he had
informed her about the aims of this party and the allogedly
good social conditions in Hussla. On three occasions she
recoived illegal communist provers from BARTA, among then

the ditions of the "Hotes Kecht" dated 25 June and August
1941, which she alleges have burnt efter reading. From
September to Voverber 1941 she paid BakTA monthly membership
fees of about 10 Ke.

After BARTA had asked her to accompany him to "Meets",
as he would not be so conspicuous if accompanied by a woman
when he went to these appointments,

(Page 29 of original )

from the beginning of November KOBALER took part in three
tigets" with PRAZAK in the surroundings of Chotzen. BARTA
allegedly never informed KOBHLSR of the outcome of these
"Neets" which she never took part indirectly. When at

the ond of November 1941 she accompanied BARTA to anothor
WYeet" with the previously mentioned BOUCEK in Chotzen,

BARTA stated that he would have to cease his illogal activit—
jes and that he would introduce her to anothor man (BOUCEK),
with whom she should mect in future. Her task was to co~
operate with VODICKA =nd to convey his instructions to BOUC:
whereas she should call upon the co-defendant VONDRACEK when
distributing pemohlets. XOERIER, who agreed to this, mado
the acquaintance of BOUCEX at tho "Meet" and they agreed to
meet every Tuesday on the bridge near the commercial school
at Chotzen between 1900 and 1930 hours. On the way home
BARTA informed KOHLER that illegal accommodation had to

do found and also a suitable person to take over tho tochnical
equipment. According to instructions, KOEHLER spoke to
BOUGEK about this at their next meeting but without result.

In addition to the "Meets" with BOUCK which had
been taking place regularly since December 1941, KOEELER
also met the co-defendant VODICKA on the bridge near the
commercial shhool at Chotzen, informed him of the results

130